Update usage section of each component topic - master (#1584)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/input_group.md

The default styling of the Input Group component as well as its complimentary directives follow the text fields specification in the Material Design
[**guidelines**](https://material.io/guidelines/components/text-fields.html).

To get started install Ignite UI for Angular by typing the following command:

```cmd
ng add igniteui-angular
```
For a more complete introduction to the Ignite UI for Angular, read the [*getting started*](general/getting_started.md) topic.

> Then import all modules for Ignite UI components and the **FormsModule** in order to have working Template Driven Form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then import all needed modules from the `igniteui-angular` toolkit as well as the **FormsModule** in order to have a working Template Driven Form:
```
